# CS-320-Project

To ensure that the code was functional and secure, I applied key software testing principles. I utilized unit testing, specifically with JUnit, to verify that each method worked as expected. I practiced test-driven development, writing the tests before implementing the methods, helping detect and prevent errors early on. I also validated user input and handled exceptions very carefully to prevent vulnerabilites or data leaks while also ensuring the program behaves as expected based on the input given by a user. 

To intepret user needs and incorporate them into a program, I utilize both technical skills and communcation skills. Gathering requirements from stakeholders or users is highly important in understanding what is expected of the program. I want to break down those needs into testable portions and this was done multiple times in this project. I made sure that each feature added to the classes aligned with the goal's of the program. This project displayed how clear requirements and constant testing can help take the requirements and turn them into working features. 

To approach designing software, I start with problem analysis. I identify the problem or what is expected of the program and I work to fully understand that problem or expectation. I utilize object-oriented design principles to create testable code. When I designed the program, I keep testing in mind, writing small and creating independency methods that made it easier to verify. I also practiced refactoring throughout the project, going back and changing the design without changing the behavior of the project, allowing me to build cleaner code that is maintainable. 
